Services


Consulting 
With our expertise we can help you come up with the best strategy on how to implement and reap the benefits of this new technological advancement 
Chatbot Creation
We build bots that help you become more efficient in the way you do your daily work. In addition with that we can help automate part of your communication process with past and potential clients with our uber intelligent bots that do some of the heavy lifting for you
Autonomous Agents
We can build you agents that can integrate with your system and execute tasks on your behalf when approved. Speeding up the overall time it takes you to get work done
Data Analysis, Visualization and Retrieval
We set up systems and applications to help analyse all types of data and display it in a way that is easily digestible and can help you derive insights and predictions based on that data to better inform you in your decision making. Along with applications that can retrieve real time and historical data with just a simple question.

Why Implement AI?

Efficiency
Speeds up and automates many of the tasks you and your employees do in your business daily. Ultimately leading to time being saved and more tasks getting done.
Data Utilisation
Take AI's advanced and intelligent data management. Get an accurate and useful interpretation of your real time and historical data.
Competitive Edge 
Be on the forefront of technology, taking advantage of the latest and greatest technology will allow you stand out and be more competitive than the rest


How to contact us?

You can contact us on the work with us tab in the top right of our website. We currently do not have a phone number and or email.

To learn about more specific things like chatbots please look on our site for more information 
 


How would I know if your services are right for me?

Our services could be for any company or anyone that is exploring ai automation we work with companies of all sizes and of all needs from food service to real estate manufacturing etc we work with you on a personal level to implement our services in places that will benefit you the most to make sure your needs are met 


What are your pricing structures like?

We have a dynamic pricing structure that is completely dependent upon the size of your business and the complexity of the project you would like to implement. We do this by auditing your business.

What size businesses do you typically work with?

We like working with small to mid sized businesses. 

What kind of problems can your AI solutions solve?

We solve a plethora of problems. The 3 main problems we can solve are slow productivity, poor client communication, and having to navigate through databases for long periods of time. Our solutions make doing your job much easier, allowing our AI’s to assist you in your work will lead to more work being done day in and day out . Along with helping you in your day to day it can also assist you in your client communication process, therefore freeing up your time further. Finally, with fast data retrieval, analytics and insights to make working with your data seamless. Ultimately, our solutions can automate many of the mundane tasks in your business while giving your complete governance over the platform's actions. 

What is the first step in determining if your AI services are a good fit for my company?

If you want to learn more and see if we are a good fit, get in touch with us by clicking the top right button on our website. So we can learn more about your business and what solutions could be a good fit for you.

Do you offer a trial period or pilot program?
No we do not offer a trial or pilot program but we can show you demos 


What makes your AI services different from other providers?

What makes our service different is our completely tailored and partnership-like approach. When working with us we give you all the tools to make sure your product stays up to date throughout the years and evolves to bigger and better things. By introducing the latest and greatest models and tools within our service on a yearly basis. We don’t just hand you the product and go away, our goal is to grow with you and your needs.

What kind of ongoing support do you provide?

You can expect a punctual and detailed approach to our support. We are always available to fix and revise upon our services.

Can you help us with change management and staff training?

Yes, we offer bots and agents that are able to assume any task you can provide it. Whether it’s training, assistants etc. they live on your computer to assist you and your team with anything you need.

What happens if the AI solutions do not meet our expectations?

If you are not satisfied with your service contact our team and we can both come up with a way to improve. Or you can just cancel our service.

What information do you need from me to start an AI audit?

We don’t need any prior information besides your name, email and phone number and an idea of what you are looking for if possible. All this can be filled on the contact page,found at the top right of our website.

What is your development and delivery process?

Once the initial set up fee has been received we begin the development process. From your end we will need copies of the relevant data for our bots and agents to reference. Once completed we deliver our solution in a desktop application that is easily accessible from your computer

What Makes Centonis’s Platforms So Powerful?


Fine Tuning

Our Model Tuning service optimises your chatbot for precise, responsive, and accurate interactions. By leveraging advanced algorithms and data-driven insights, we fine-tune the underlying model to enhance its understanding of user inputs, ensuring it responds with the most relevant and contextually appropriate answers. This process not only improves the chatbot’s ability to handle complex queries but also reduces response times, making the interactions more seamless and engaging for users. Additionally, our service continuously monitors and adjusts the model based on real-world usage patterns, ensuring that your chatbot remains effective and up-to-date with evolving user needs and language trends.

Multi-Layered Security and Data

Custom AI platforms ensure security with robust encryption, strict access controls, and continuous monitoring to protect sensitive data.

Day One Value

Our platforms are made to be used right away, not months, but days.

Get access to the latest and greatest AI tech within your platform

We incorporate the latest models like gpt-4o, gpt-3.5 turbo and every model openAI offers in order to give you the best and most advanced AI experience.

Proprietary & Tailored Platforms

We build your solution from the ground up to handle your businesses needs

Constant Updates

We always looking for ways to better your custom AI experience

Full Integration

Our solutions have the scalability to potentially cover you business head to toe

Tell me about the background of the company

Centonis was founded in Vancouver BC by 3 highschool students in 2024, who were eager to apply their development and business knowledge to the AI space. I Want to help businesses integrate and benefit from this new and groundbreaking technology. 









